Docs and link updates for plan, connect, and usage docs (#18344)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/resource-usage.md

---
title: Understand your Resource Usage
summary: Diagnose your RU consumption and tune your workload to reduce costs
toc: true
docs_area: deploy
---

> This page describes how to diagnose your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} and {{ site.data.products.standard }} cluster's Request Unit (RU) consumption and tune your workload to reduce costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how to understand your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} or {{ site.data.products.standard }} cluster's Request Unit (RU) consumption and tune your workload to balance performance and costs.
```
WDYT?
